---
layout: post
title:  "Important! Major changes"
date:   2017-07-15 22:00:00
categories: blog
---
Hello guys !<br>
<br>
A forum where i was very active, codewalr.us, is talking about shutting down after 2 important staff members quit codewalrus.<br>
<br>
Since its creation, i almost made sure to make interesting posts, <br>
my T-Nspire CX ports as well as unrelated things.<br>
<br>
Unfortunely, it seems that Facebook & Twitters are winning.<br>
Everyone is either talking about funny cats or making some pointless political shit.<br>
Everyone is sitting in their corner, with no center of interest or interesting discussions.<br>
It's either social media or suffer the consequences of real life.<br>
<br>
To further avoid being in stasis, some changes will have to be made.<br>
<br>
<b>DellardOS</b>
<br>
First of all, i will be forced to cancel DellardOS.<br>
<br>
Custom distributions are becoming less and less popular and sadly, systemd along with its sister projects<br>
are taking over the league.<br>
<br>
Not all is bad though... <br>
Devuan made some progress and has finally reached Stable 1.0.<br>
<br>
...But it's the exception rather than the rule.<br>
<br>
DellardOS failed to make any difference or even convince people they should use it on their old hardware.<br>
Although it works, my other set goals were never met.<br>
<br>
From now on, DellardOS will be removed off of my server and will no longer be available for download.<br>
<br>
If you installed DellardOS,<br>
you can easily install another DE like Xfce4 with this terminal command :<br>
<br>
<i>sudo apt-get install xfce4 slim<br>
sudo apt-get remove xdm jwm dellardos-system<br>
</i><br>
Once installed properly, reboot with :<br>
<i>sudo reboot</i><br>
<br>
If you can reinstall DellardOS though, do it because they might be some leftover files affecting the system.<br>
<br>
<b>Update my Website</b>

Even one year after the website's existance, it is still missing some games.<br>
The reason is simply because i made too many games/ports and i simply can't keep up.<br>

This can be detrimental though, because of my games are erotic in nature<br>
and few websites cover such games unfortunely..<br>

On the downside, my main hard drive died.<br>
I lost precious stuff that i might never be able to recover.<br>

I really did not need to hear codewalrus's demise...<br>
<br>
<b>Conclusion</b>
<br><br>
That's all for now. What will come next is some reviews for Yu-Gi-Oh Games
and my latest homebrew games. <br>

Enjoy.
